Clarify AbstractRNG documentation (#41875)
JuliaLang/julia: stdlib/Random/docs/src/index.md

by default, with per-`Task` state.
Other RNG types can be plugged in by inheriting the `AbstractRNG` type; they can then be used to
obtain multiple streams of random numbers.

> The types exported by the `Random` package are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PRNGs (pseudorandom number generators) exported by the `Random` package are:
```

> * `TaskLocalRNG`: the default with 1 stream per task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `TaskLocalRNG`: a token that represents use of the currently active Task-local stream, deterministically seeded from the parent task, or by RandomDevice (with system randomness) at program start
```

> * `Xoshiro`: for explicitly-managed Xoshiro256++ streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Xoshiro`: generates a high-quality stream of random numbers with a small state vector and high performance using the Xoshiro256++ algorithm
```

> * `RandomDevice`: for OS-provided entropy. This should be used for cryptographically secure random numbers (CPR.

Reviewer 2: It looks like this is missing the ending part of the phrase (or at least a parenthesis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `RandomDevice`: for OS-provided entropy. This may be used for cryptographically secure random numbers (CS(P)RNG).
```

> * `TaskLocalRNG`: a token that represents use of the currently active Task-local stream, deterministically seeded from the parent task, or by RandomDevice (with system randomness) at program start

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `TaskLocalRNG`: a token that represents use of the currently active Task-local stream, deterministically seeded from the parent task, or by `RandomDevice` (with system randomness) at program start
```

> * `MersenneTwister`: for backward compatibility (slower and worse quality than Xoshiro).

Reviewer 3: Maybe 
```suggestion
* `MersenneTwister`: for backward compatibility (usually slower and worse quality than Xoshiro).
```
? (There are still some cases where `MersenneTwister` is faster, in particular for scalar generation of `Float64`, and some `Float64` arrays).

> * `MersenneTwister`: for backward compatibility (usually slower and worse quality than Xoshiro).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `MersenneTwister`: an alternate high-quality PRNG which was the default in older versions of Julia, and is also quite fast, but requires much more space to store the state vector and generate a random sequence.
```

Reviewer 3: > but requires much more space to store the state vector and generate a random sequence.

Maybe simply "but requires much more space to store the state" ? Or "... state vector" (although technically there are multiple vectors).
